1. Which of the following best describes the role of EMRs a. Volunteer their time to respond to emergenciesb. Transport ill and injured patients to the hospitalc. Work in the emergency departmentd. ~Provide the first minutes of emergency medical care2. The EMS providers with the highest level of training are a. ~Paramedicsb. EMTsc. AEMTsd. EMRs3. A critically injured patient has the best chance of survival if he can be transported to aa. Emergency departmentb. ~Trauma centerc. Intensive care unitd. Cardiovascular center4. The required component of an EMS system that exists to continually review and improve an EMS system isa. ~Evaluationb. Medical oversightc. Regulation and policyd. Public information and education5. When the ambulance arrives to transport the patient you have been caring for, you state to the EMTs, “Mrs. McEnroe is worried about locking the doors and taking her keys with her.” You have just demonstrated the professional trait of  a. Confident demeanorb. Integrityc. Motivationd. ~Patient advocacy6. A patient tells you what medication he is taking, but you are not sure what the medication is used for, so you take out a pocket reference guide and look it up. Which of the following best describes the significance of this action: - A. It is an important way of avoiding errors in patient care.a. ~It is an important way of avoiding errors in patient careb. It demonstrates a weakness in your competence as an EMRc. It is outside the scope of practice for EMRs to look up medicationsd. It will trigger a review by the medical advisor7. Which statement about the relationship between research and care provided by EMRs is true? a. Once you learn a certain skill it will always be in your scope of practiceb. ~Research is needed to refine the scope of practice of EMRsc. EMRs play no role in research to determine the scope of practiced. Research is important at higher levels of EMS care, but not at the EMR level8. Which of the following situations should make you most concerned about the possibility of violence as you approach the scene of an emergency? a. ~A group of eight to ten people is standing outside as you arriveb. A sign on the front door indicates oxygen is in usec. The call is to a private residence in a rural aread. The patient meets you on the front porch of the residence9. As you arrive at the scene of a call for an injured person, the front door swings open, revealing a woman holding a shotgun. Which of the following would provide you with the best cover? a. Ducking behind a leafy bush or shrubb. Holding a piece of equipment next to your head as you run for coverc. ~Moving behind a large treed. Diving to the ground a lying flat10. In which of the following situations would you most likely suspect the presence of hazardous material. a. You are responding to a private home for a patient with chest pain who has taken nitroglycerinb. ~You notice that a motor vehicle collision involves a car and a tractor trailerc. You notice that a motor vehicle collision involves a small pickup truck that struck a utility poled. Dispatch reports your patient, the victim of a gunshot wound, has lost a lot of blood11. The use of standard precautions to protect yourself from communicable disease applies to a. Only patients with have signs or symptoms of an illnessb. Only patients who are bleeding, coughing, or vomitingc. ~All patient care situationsd. Interactions with all health care providers and patients12. Which immunization is required for health care workers a. ~Tetanusb. Hepatitis Dc. Tuberculosisd. Pneumonia 13. While you are caring for a patient with a cut on his forehead, the finger of your glove tears and some of the patient’s blood comes into contact with your skin. Which of the following is best way to prevent contracting a blood borne disease from this patient? a. Ask the patient if he has any infectious diseases, including syphilis or hepatitisb. Put a new glove over the top of the damaged ponec. Use an alcohol swab to clean off your fingerd. ~Wash your hands with soap and water as soon as possible14. Which of the following situations requires the use of eye and face protection equipment? a. ~Suctioning the mouth of a patient who is coughing up bloodb. All patient care contactc. Patients who you suspect have not bathed for a long period of timed. Bandaging an infected wound on a patient’s foot15. In terms of communicable disease, which of the following would be considered an exposure? a. Vomit soaks into your pants when you kneel down to assist a  sick patientb. ~You are splashed in the face with fluids while assisting childbirth.c. You get the blood of a patient with TB on your handsd. As you help move a patient, you notice that his clothes are wet with urine and some of it has soaked into your shirtsleeve16. Which of the following situations is most likely to be considered stressful by many EMS personnel?a. Interacting with law enforcement or fire personnel on sceneb. ~Calls involving seriously ill or injured childrenc. Having bystanders present at the scened. The sight of blood17. While you are caring for a patient, his adult daughter becomes very upset that the ambulance has not yet arrived.  She raises her voice and demands that you do something to hurry up the ambulance.  Which of the following would be the best responsea. Leave the patient’s side and immediately call for law enforcement backupb. Tell the daughter to calm down and be quietc. Tell the patient you cannot help him if he allows his daughter to yell at youd. ~Assure the patient and his daughter that the ambulance will arrive as soon as possible18. You have noticed that you don’t feel very motivated to volunteer for shifts with the rescue squad, you get easily irritated by people in general, and you would rather be alone than with your family.  Which of the following would be most likely to be helpful? a. Drink more caffeine to increase your motivationb. Drink a cocktail, a beer, or some wine to relaxc. ~Increase your physical activity to reduce stressd. Realize that stress is a fact of EMS life and it will pass on its own19. You have responded to a patient whose family fears he is dead.  The patient does not respond to you, is not breathing, and does not have a pulse.  In which of the following situations would you still need to begin resuscitation? a. ~The patient’s family tells you they don’t  want him to be hooked up to machinesb. There is a strong odor of decay and the skin is peelingc. The body is in an extreme state of rigidityd. The patient has a gunshot wound that has destroyed the entire head above the lower jaw20. Your patient is an elderly female who was diagnosed with cancer 6 months ago, but refused treatment for this disease.  She is now very ill and seems near death.  Her husband is calm and seems to be handling the situation well.  Which of the following is the most accurate in describing the husband’s grieving process? a. ~He has come to accept his wife’s deathb. He is in denial that his wife is dyingc. He appears to be depressedd. You should anticipate a sudden outburst of anger from him21. When you are lifting a patient, which of these principles should you follow? a. Rotate at the waist to move the patient to your left or rightb. Bend at the waist and lift with the back musclesc. Keep your feet togetherd. ~Use the muscles of your legs to do the lifting22. You and one other EMR are on the scene of a motor vehicle collision.  The left side of a vehicle is against a building and you can only access the right side.  There are two patients in the front seat.  The passenger is awake but has severe injuries to her legs and is complaining of abdominal pain.  The driver is unresponsive, is slumped over the steering wheel, has severe bleeding from his head, and is making gurgling noises when he breathes.  Which of the following statements regarding this situation is most accurate? a. This requires an urgent move. Wait for additional help before moving the passengerb. ~This requires an emergency move. Carefully remove the passenger with the help you have available so you can get to the driverc. This requires an urgent move but you and the other EMR can handle itd. This requires an emergency move, but you should wait for additional help to arrive23. You have responded to a patient who states she does not need or want you help, so you contact medical direction by radio for advice.  This is an example of ________ Medical Direction. a. ~On-lineb. Off-linec. Indirectd. Protocol-driven24. Which of the following must be present in order to obtain expressed consent? a. The patient is under the influence of drugs or alcoholb. The patient is unresponsivec. The patient is a minor, and a parent or guardian is not availabled. ~The patient has been informed of the risks and benefits of care and refusing care25. You have responded to a motor vehicle collision, and notice that there are both empty and full beer cans in the car.  The driver’s speech is slurred and he is trying to walk away from the scene, even though he has a cut on his forehead.  Which of the following statements concerning the situation is most accurate? a. You should restrain the patient from leaving and contact law enforcement so that you cannot be sued for abandoning the patientb. ~You should explain to the patient that you are more concerned about his health than you are with the legality of his actions and ask to look at his injury.c. You should let the patient walk away and leave the scene so that you are not charged with battery or false imprisonmentd. You should tell the patient you understand his fear of being arrested and offer to drive him to the emergency department26. You have arrived at an extended care facility (nursing home) for a patient in cardiac arrest.  The nurse tells you that the patient has a DNR order and that you should not provide any emergency care.  Which of the following would be the best action?a. ~Advise the nurse that you will need to look at the DNR order.  If there is a delay in obtaining proof, resuscitative efforts should be started. b. Get the telephone number of a family member so you can confirm the patient has DNR orderc. Begin and continue resuscitative measures until a higher level EMS provider arrivesd. Advise the nurse that EMS providers can honor living wills, but not DNR orders.27. You have arrived at a convenience store where the cashier was shot in an attempted burglary.  Law enforcement is on scene and you can see through the window that the patient has lost a lot of blood.  Which of the following is the best approach to the situation?a. Ask law enforcement to move the patient out of the store so you can care for himb. ~Enter the scene but take care to avoid unnecessarily touching or moving anything.c. Enter the scene and approach as you would any other patient. Crime scene evidence is not the concern of EMS personneld. Wait for higher level EMS provider to arrive before approaching the patient28. Your patient, a 77-year-old man, states that his doctor previously diagnosed him with tachycardia.  This means the patient has a history of which of the following?a. Slow heart rateb. ~Fast heart ratec. Slow breathingd. Fast breathing29. When you are assessing the anterior aspect of a patient’s body, this is the same as assess the ____ of a patient’s body. a. Backb. ~Frontc. Lower halfd. Upper half30. The opposite of proximal is: a. Internalb. Superficialc. Anteriord. ~Distal 31. Which of the following structures is contained in the thoracic cavity of the body? a. Brainb. Spleenc. ~Heartd. Urinary bladder32. Your patient has been ejected from a vehicle during a high-speed collision. A bruise over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen should lead you to suspect that the patient may have an injury to the: a. Urinary bladderb. Spleenc. Esophagusd. ~Liver 33. The state of optimal healthy functioning that all of the body’s systems attempt to maintain is called: a. Physiologyb. Microscopic anatomyc. ~Homeostasisd. Gross anatomy34. As you arrive on scene of a motor vehicle collision, a nurse who has stopped to assist the patients tells you he thinks one of the patients has a cervical spine injury.  This means the patient may have injury to the: a. ~Neckb. Upper backc. Lower backd. Tailbone 35. The wings of the pelvis are made up of the  ____ bones. – B iliaca. Ischialb. ~Iliacc. Pubisd. Sacral 36. A patient  with a fractured femur has a fracture of the: a. Armb. Lower armc. ~Legd. Lower leg37. The structure and function of the hip joint make it a(n) ____ joint. a. ~Freely movableb. Hingec. Immovabled. Gliding 38. The large muscle in the anterior thigh is an example of ____ muscle. a. Smoothb. Involuntaryc. ~Skeletald. Cardiac39. You have assessed the respirations of a 40-year-old male and found the respiratory rate to be 16 per minute.  You would classify this rate as:a. Slower than expectedb. Faster than expectedc. ~Normal for his aged. Abnormal for his age40. Medically, the term for the voice box is: - a. ~Larynxb. Tracheac. Pharynxd. Bronchus 41. Oxygen and carbon dioxide are exchanged at the level of the: a. ~Alveolib. Larynxc. Trachead. Bronchi42. In order for inspiration to occur, the diaphragm must: - C. a. Relax to make the thoracic cavity largerb. Relax to make the thoracic cavity smallerc. ~Contract to make the thoracic cavity larger	d. Contract to make the thoracic cavity smaller43. The heart muscle receives oxygenated blood from the:a. Carotid arteriesb. Pulmonary arteriesc. ~Coronary arteriesd. Ventricular arteries44. Which of the following can be predicted, based on the knowledge of the different jobs of the atria and ventricles and of the right and left sides of the heart? a. The atria and ventricles need the same amount of strengthb. The atria need more strength than the ventriclesc. The right ventricle is stronger than the left ventricled. ~The left ventricle is stronger than the right ventricle45. Your patient tells you her doctor says she has a low platelet count.  You should suspect that: a. The level of glucose in the patient’s blood is too highb. The level of oxygen delivered to the patient’s tissues is lowc. ~The patient’s blood does not clot normallyd. The patient cannot fight infection normally46. The layer of the skin that consists mostly of fat is the ____ layer.a. ~Subcutaneousb. Integumentary systemc. Epidermisd. Dermis47. The structure that allows the urinary bladder to empty is the: a. Ureterb. Gallbladderc. Bile ductd. ~Urethra 48. Your patient says she has a history of a urinary tract infection.  This could include any of the following structures except the: a. ~Gallbladderb. Ureterc. Urethrad. Kidney49. Your patient reports “swollen glands” in his neck.  This should lead you to suspect that the patient must have: a. An autonomic nervous system problemb. Diabetesc. ~An infectiond. Digestive problems50. The structure meant to contain a developing fetus during pregnancy is the: - A. Uterusa. ~Uterusb. Fallopian tubec. Ovaryd. Cervix 51. The specific process by which oxygen and nutrients are delivered to the tissues is called: a. Homeostasisb. Metabolismc. ~Perfusiond. Respiration52. For medical purposes, a child from birth to one year is referred to as an: a. Newbornb. ~Infantc. Toddlerd. Adolescent 53. Which of the following is the normal heart rate of a two-week-old child? a. 80b. 100c. ~150d. 18054. As you begin to lay a 1-week-old infant on the bed to examine him, he throws out his arms, fingers spread.  Which of the following is most accurate concerning this reaction? a. This is normal in older infants but not at this ageb. It is an abnormal reflex that could indicate shaken-baby syndromec. ~This is normal when infants of this age are startledd. This is a normal reflex until adulthood55. The “soft spot” of an infant’s head is called the:a. ~Fontanelleb. Epiphyseal platec. Cerebral membraned. Xiphoid process56. Your patient is a 16-year-old female softball player who was struck in the face by a ball.  Her nose looks deformed, she has a loose tooth, and she is bleeding from her nose and a cut lip.  She did not lose consciousness; she is oriented to person, time and place; and she has the following vital signs: heart rate of 92, respiratory rate of 20, and blood pressure of 92/66.  Which of the following is most important for you to keep in mind when caring for this patient?a. You must ask her if she has started menstruatingb. Her blood pressure is abnormally low for this age groupc. ~She will be very concerned about the effects of the injuries on her appearance.d. She is likely to exhibit “magical thinking” about her injury57. When the intercostal muscles of the chest contract and the diaphragm drops, which of the following occurs? – a. ~Inhalationb. Air is forced out of the lungsc. Decreased size of the chest cavityd. Increased pressure in the chest cavity58. The vocal cords are contained within the: a. Pharynxb. Tracheac. Bronchid. ~Larynx59. Oxygen is moved from the lungs to the bloodstream when air reaches the: a. Bronchib. Bronchiolesc. ~Alveolid. Pharynx60. Which of the following is an expected body response of hypoxia? a. Increased respiratory rate, decreased heart rateb. Decreased respiratory rate, decreased heart ratec. Decreased respiratory rate, increased heart rated. ~Increased respiratory rate, increased heart rate61. Upon arriving at the scene of a medical emergency, you see a patient who is unresponsive and snoring.  Which of the following should you do first? a. Check the carotid pulseb. Begin BVM ventilationsc. ~Use head tilt chin lift to open the airwayd. Apply oxygen using a nonrebreather mask62. You have arrived at the home of a 72-year-old patient whose wife called 911 because she couldn’t wake him up.  The patient is slumped to the side in his recliner and does not respond to your voice or a pinch to his shoulder.  Which of the following should you do nexta. Apply oxygen by nonrebreather maskb. Tilt the recliner all the way back and open the patient’s airwayc. ~Move the patient to the floor and look for breathing and signs of lifed. Advise incoming EMS units that the patient is in cardiac arrest63. A 14-year-old male patient with a history of asthma is wheezing, but he is agitated with you.  He does not want you to place an oxygen mask on his face.  Which of the following should you assume?a. ~The patient may be hypoxic and needs your help, even though he appears to be refusing oxygenb. The patient does not need oxygen by mask and you should respect his wishesc. Whoever called 911 was mistaken about the cause of the emergencyd. You could be sued if you try to get the patient to accept oxygen when he does not want it64. A patient who was struck several times in the face during a barroom fight is lying on his back and you can hear gurgling noises when he breathes.  Which should you do first?a. Perform the head tilt chin lift maneuverb. Begin ventilations with a BVMc. ~Stabilize the spine and suction the airwayd. Insert an oral airway65. Your patient is a 17-year-old female who has consumed an excessive amount of alcohol at a party.  She is unresponsive and vomiting.  Which of the following is the best course of action? a. ~Turn the patient on her side and suction until the airway is clearb. Preoxygenate the patient using a BVM and then suction until the airway is clearc. Preoxygenate the patient using a BVM and then suction for 15 secondsd. Place the patient supine and suction for 15 seconds before applying oxygen with a nonrebreather mask66. A patient with a history of depression was found lying in bed and his wife was unable to wake him.  When you enter the room you hear loud snoring.  Which of the following are the most likely explanation and course of action? a. The patient is choking on a foreign body; you should perform abdominal thrustsb. The patient has adequate breathing since you can hear him snore with every breath; you should apply oxygenc. ~The patient’s tongue is blocking his airway; you should perform a head tilt chin liftd. The patient has vomited; begin suctioning immediately67. Your patient is a 30-year-old man who fell from his second story roof as he was cleaning out his gutters.  On your arrival, the patient was unresponsive and had inadequate breathing.  You have attempted to perform a jaw-thrust maneuver, but are unable to ventilate the patient.  What should you do next? a. Suction the mouth to remove secretionsb. Place the patient on his side and await incoming EMS crew for further instructionsc. Apply an oxygen mask with a flow rate of at least 10lpmd. ~Perform a head tilt chin lift68. As you are ventilating a patient, she vomits a large amount of undigested food.  Which of the following is the best course of action? a. ~Turn the patient on her side, manually remove as much material as you can from the airway, then suction the rest with a rigid suction catheter before resuming ventilationsb. Use a flexible suction catheter to remove the material as you continue to ventilatec. Suction using a rigid suction catheter for no more than 15 seconds before resuming ventilations. Reoxygenate the patient before suctioning againd. Suction using a rigid suction catheter for as long as it takes to remove the material, applying suction both while inserting and withdrawing the catheter69. Which of the following best describes the depth of insertion of a rigid suction catheter to remove fluids from the airway? a. It is used only between the cheek and gumsb. It is inserted until you feel resistancec. ~It is inserted only as far as you can seed. It is inserted to the level of the epiglottis70. Which of the following statements regarding oropharyngeal airways is true? a. Once inserted, it is no longer necessary to use a head tilt chin lift or jaw thrust to maintain the airwayb. ~It is used to help keep the tongue away from the back of the airwayc. It is a convenient piece of equipment because one size fits alld. It can be inserted in any patient with a diminished level of responsiveness71. You have begun to insert an oropharyngeal airway into a patient and you hear retching sounds.  Which of the following is the best course of action? a. ~Remove the device and maintain the airway without itb. Pause until the patient stops gagging, then continue advancing the devicec. Rotate the device 90 degrees to reduce stimulation of the gag reflexd. Use a device that is one size smaller than the one that stimulated the gag reflex72. Your patient is a 50-year-old female with a long history of emphysema related to smoking.  She began having difficulty breathing about 3 hours ago, but has worsened over the past hour.  On your arrival, the patient responds only to painful stimulus, and is taking a gasping breath about every 10 seconds.  Which of the following is most likely? a. The patient is exhausted and in a deep sleepb. If the patient were hypoxic, her respiratory rate would be increasedc. ~Severe hypoxia and impending death have resulted in a slowing of the respiratory rated. The patient’s claim of difficulty breathing was obviously exaggerated73. A pulse oximeter is used to measure the amount of ____ in a patient’s blood.a. Carbon dioxideb. Carbon monoxidec. ~Oxygend. Oxygen and carbon monoxide74. Which of the following statements is most accurate concerning pulse oximetry? a. A reading of above 90% is adequate for most patientsb. Patients with a reading higher than 96% do not need supplemental oxygenc. ~Patients with carbon monoxide poisoning may have a normal pulse oximetry readingd. Pulse oximetry reading is a better indicator of respiratory status that either respiratory rate or depth75. An oxygen cylinder will always be, or be marked with, the color: a. Yellowb. ~Greenc. Blued. Orange76. Which of these devices is used to control the amount of oxygen delivered to a patient? a. ~Regulatorb. O ringc. Compressord. Supply tubing77. Which device is used to oxygenate patients with inadequate breathing? a. ~Bag valve maskb. Venture maskc. Nonrebreather maskd. Nasal cannula 78. The oxygen flow rate needed to adequately deliver oxygen using a nonrebreather mask is ____ liters per minute.a. 2-6b. 4-6c. 6-10d. ~10-1579. When using a nasal cannula, the oxygen flow rate should not be greater than: a. 2b. 4c. ~6d. 880. When providing ventilations by pocket face mask or BVM, the rate of ventilation for adult patients should be one breath every ____ seconds. a. 2-3b. ~5-6c. 8-10d. 10-1281. Which of the following is most accurate regarding devices used to ventilate patients who are not adequately breathing? a. Pocket face masks are more convenient, but cannot provide supplemental oxygenb. Pocket face masks are safer than a BVM, because they prevent forceful ventilation that distends the stomachc. A Venturi mask is preferred because it fatigues the rescuer less than either a pocket face mask or BVMd. ~An adequate seal between the mask and the patient’s face is required with both a pocket face mask and a BVM82. Without perfusion, brain cells begin to die in ____ minutes. a. 1-2b. 3-5c. ~4-6d. 8-1083. The most common cause of cardiac arrest in infants and children is:a. ~Respiratory problemsb. Congenital heart defectsc. Traumad. Heart disease84. Cardiac arrest is confirmed when the patient is determined to be: a. Unresponsiveb. Not breathingc. Cyanoticd. ~Pulseless 85. You have arrived on the scene of a 4-year-old child who was reported to be choking.  The patient is cyanotic, unresponsive, and not breathing.  You should:a. Check the brachial pulse for 5-10 secondsb. ~Check the carotid pulse for 5-10 secondsc. Listen for heart sounds by placing your stethoscope on the chestd. Begin chest compressions86. Which of the following would demonstrate the first link in the chain of survival from cardiac arrest?a. A police officer arrives on scene with an AEDb. Paramedics arrive within 10 minutes of the cardiac arrestc. ~Bystanders recognize the cardiac arrest and call 911d. A trained layperson begins CPR87. During your morning run you pass a yard where an elderly man has just collapsed.  His wife is frantic and has not yet called for help.  The patient is unresponsive, not breathing, and pulseless.  Which of the following should you do to give the patient the best chance of survival?a. Check the pulse for 1 minute to verify cardiac arrestb. ~Call 911, then begin CPRc. Begin rescue breathing, then call 911d. Perform 2 minutes of CPR, the call 91188. Which of the following best explains the purpose of CPR? a. ~It may provide enough circulation to support life until the heart can resume normal pumpingb. It will cause a heart that is stopped beating to start pumping again.c. It is used to relieve foreign body airway obstructiond. It is used in adults to ventilate the lungs until breathing resumes89. When performing CPR in an adult patient, you should provide chest compressions at a rate of about ____ compressions per minute.a. 30b. 60c. ~100d. 15090. Which of the following is an important principle in performing CPR on adults?a. Remove your hands from the chest after each compression to ensure full recoil of the chest wallb. Perform each ventilation hard and fastc. ~When working alone, use a cycle of 30 compressions to 2 ventilationsd. Straddle the patient’s hips, facing the patient’s chest and place one hand over the other at the lower end of the patient’s sternum91. Your patient is a 75-year-old female who collapsed at home.  While performing chest compressions, you feel a popping sensation when you press down on the sternum.  What should you do? a. ~Continue chest compressions and ventilations normallyb. Discontinue chest compressions but ventilate the patient every 6-8 secondsc. Stop CPR and inform the incoming EMS crewd. Perform chest compressions at a depth of ?-3/4 inches and ventilate normally92. You have arrived at a residence for a report of a sick child.  The patient is a 7-month-old female who has had a respiratory infection for several days.  She is limp and does not respond to you.  Her color is grayish, and she is not effectively moving air through her mouth or nose after you open her airway.  The patient has a brachial pulse of 40.  What should you do?a. ~Begin ventilations and chest compressionsb. Perform ventilations and keep the patient warmc. Notify the incoming EMS unit of your assessment findings, then begin CPRd. Apply oxygen and continue to monitor the pulse93. Your patient is a 12-month-old male who has had progressive difficulty breathing over the past several hours.  He is now lethargic with poor skin color and labored, grunting respirations at a rate of 60 per minute.  His brachial pulse is 140 per minute.  Which of the following will be the most beneficial in the management of this patient?a. Perform a head tilt chin lift and begin ventilationsb. Perform a jaw thrust and begin ventilationsc. Begin CPRd. ~Place a small folded towel under the shoulders and begin ventilations94. When performing chest compressions on a 2-month-old infant, the correct technique is to: a. Place the heel of one hand on the sternum and place your other hand on top of the first; push hard and push fast with a depth of 1-1/2 to 2 inchesb. Use the heel of one hand to press over the lower half of the sternum at a rate of 120 a minutec. ~Place the tips of two fingers over the sternum on an imaginary line between the nipples; compress the chest about 1/3 of its depth at a rate of 100 per minuted. Encircle the chest with your hands, placing the thumbs  over the sternum between the nipples and compress hard and fast without allowing the chest to completely recoil between compressions95. The correct ratio of chest compressions to ventilations in one-rescuer child CPR is: a. 5:1b. 15:1c. 15:2d. ~30:296. Which of the following arrhythmias may be successfully shocked by an AED? a. Asystoleb. Pulseless electrical activityc. ~Ventricular tachycardiad. Atrial fibrillation 97. Which of the following is a function of an AED? a. Determining whether a patient is in cardiac arrestb. ~Determining whether a patient in cardiac arrest has a shockable rhythmc. Delivering a shock to all patients in cardiac arrestd. Displaying a tracing of the cardiac rhythm for interpretation by the EMR98. You have arrived at a remote area of a large automobile manufacturing plant, where a 50-year-old male collapsed 10 minutes ago.  Which of the following should you do first? a. Apply the AED and determine whether the patient is in a shockable rhythmb. ~Begin CPR, and then apply the AEDc. Open the airway, assess breathing, and check for a pulsed. Determine whether the patient has a history of heart disease99. Which of the following is the typical placement of defibrillation pads in the adult patient? a. One under the left nipple and the other over the left shoulder bladeb. One to the left of the left nipple, just below the armpit, and the other  to the right of the right nipple, just below the armpitc. One directly over the sternum, and the other on the center of the patient’s back, exactly opposite of the first padd. ~One just below the right clavicle, and the other to the left of the nipple below the armpit100. As you are applying AED pads, you note an object about half the size of a deck of cards under the skin of the chest on the left side.  The patient’s son says it is a pacemaker that was implanted a few years ago.  How would you proceed? a. ~Use the AED, but avoid placing a pad directly on the deviceb. Ensure pad placement is exact, even if one is placed over the devicec. Call for medical direction before proceeding with CPR or AED placementd. Begin CPR but do not use the AED in this patient101. You have applied an AED to a pulseless patient and pressed the “analyze” button.  The machine announces, “no shock advised.”  This means:a. The patient is not in cardiac arrestb. The AED has malfunctioned and you must proceed with CPRc. ~The patient is in cardiac arrest but the rhythm causing it will not respond to a shockd. The machine has detected that is would be dangerous to deliver a shock. You should check to make sure no one is in contact with the patient and analyze again102. Which of the following is true concerning the use of AEDs in children? a. ~Cardiac arrest in children is rarely due to a shockable rhythm, but an AED can be used on a patient of any ageb. Adult pads must never be used on children under 8 years old.c. Pediatric pads must be used on infants less than 1 year oldd. Only one defibrillation pad should be used on children to reduce the amount of electricity delivered to the heart103. You have delivered a shock to a patient in cardiac arrest.  After performing 2 minutes of CPR, a pulse check reveals that the patient has a weak carotid pulse of 58 per minute.a. Resume CPRb. Push the analyze buttonc. ~Assess ventilationsd. Place the patient in the recovery position until EMS arrives104. You have responded to a report of a possible suicide.  Your patient is a 70-year-old man who has a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the face and head, with a large portion of the skull and brain missing.  The patient is not breathing and does not have a pulse.  You should: a. Begin CPRb. ~Notify the incoming EMS unitc. Attach the AEDd. Determine if the patient has a DNR order105. You have applied the AED and pushed “analyze.”  After 10 seconds, the AED has neither shocked nor indicated that no shock is advised.  You should: -a. Turn the machine off, then turn it back on to reset itb. Turn the machine off, remove the pads, and begin CPRc. ~Continue to wait for the machine to analyzed. Remove the pads, shave hair from the chest if necessary, and apply fresh pads106. Which of the following statements is true regarding the safety of the EMR during defibrillation? a. ~The EMR may be shocked if he is in contact with the patient when a shock is deliveredb. A provider using a BVM does not have to clear the patient; the rubber in the BVM will insulate him from being shockedc. The EMR is not in danger of being shocked as long as he is not in contact with any metal on the patient’s body or clothingd. Only the patient can be shocked as long as the AED is working properly107. Ducking behind a shrub to protect yourself from a violent individual at a scene is an example of:a. ~Concealmentb. Coverc. Distractiond. Retreat108. As you approach the scene of a reported motor vehicle collision, you can see that one of the vehicles involved is a tanker truck.  Which of the following is the best course of action?a. Approach the scene from the upwind side to avoid exposure to vapors.b. ~Stop where you are and use binoculars to identify any placards on the truck or indications of a leak.c. Approach the scene as long as the ambient temperature is less than 80 degrees Fahrenheit.d. Immediately notify dispatch that you are responding to a hazardous materials incident109. The best source of information for determining the safe distance from a particular type of hazardous material involved in a highway transportation incident is:a. Dispatchb. The fire departmentc. The driver of the truckd. ~The Emergency Response Guidebook110. You have responded to a call for a building that has collapsed while under renovation.  You can hear at least two people yelling for help from within the rubble.  You should:a. Notify dispatch that you are on the scene and will be entering the structure to perform triage.b. ~Report this information to dispatch and ensure specialized rescue is en route.c. Put on self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA) before entering the scene.d. Wait until other emergency personnel arrive on the scene before entering to search for and rescue survivors.111. The EMR assesses mechanism of injury to determine:a. Who was at fault in a collision.b. ~The type and severity of injuries to be suspected.c. Whether to take Standard Precautionsd. Whether EMS should continue to the scene.112. The unrestrained vehicle occupant who takes a down-and-under pathway in a frontal impact would experience the most forceful impact to the:a. Upper extremities.b. ~Lower extremities.c. Lumbar spine.d. Head or face.113. The piece of safety equipment that will work the best to prevent whiplash injuries is a(n):a. Lap belt and shoulder harnessb. Side-impact air bag.c. Front air bag.d. ~Headrest.114. Your patient was the driver of a vehicle struck in the left side by another vehicle.  Which of the following injuries should you most highly suspect?a. Injury to the liver.b. Injury to the right hip.c. ~Head and neck injury.d. Whiplash injury.115. For an adult, you would consider the mechanism of injury to be significant if he fell from a distance of ____ feet or higher.a. 3b. 6c. 9d. ~12116. Which of the following best explains the purpose of the primary assessment?a. Find and treat all patient problems.b. ~Find and treat life-threatening problems.c. Determine whether the scene is safe.d. Get a complete medical history.117. As you approach a patient who is sitting on the floor of his living room, you can see that he does not appear to be uncomfortable or in distress.  Which of the following have you just completed?a. ~Formed a general impression.b. The entire primary assessment.c. Assessed for disability.d. The scene size-up.118. Which of the following is the best example of a chief complaint?a. A bystander tells you the patient was the driver of a vehicle that rolled over.b. A patient’s wife tells you he has a history of heart problems.c. You can see that a patient has a severely deformed lower left leg.d. ~A patient tells you that he is having a hard time catching his breath.119. Which of the following situations should make you concerned that a patient is in serious, or potentially serious, Condition?a. You were called for a sick person who is vomiting into a basin as you enter the room.b. You were called for an unknown problem and a patient tells you he has had lower back pain for 3 days.c. ~You were called for difficulty breathing, but when you arrive, the patient seems combative.d. You were called for a patient who tripped over a curb and has bleeding from a cut on his shin.120. A 30-year-old male patient is awake and tells you his name is John.  When you ask him what happened, he says he doesn’t know.  As you are evaluating him, he asks you several times if you can tell him what happened.  How would you describe his level of consciousness?a. Alertb. ~Verbalc. Paind. Unresponsive121. You have approached a middle-aged male who does not answer you when you speak.  After raising your voice, the patient still does not respond.  You should next:a. Lightly slap the patient’s cheeks.b. ~Gently shake the patient’s shoulder.c. Apply pressure to the patient’s thumbnail with the side of your pen.d. Document that the patient is unresponsive.122. Your primary assessment of a patient has revealed that she is awake, alert, and speaking normally.  Which of the following statements is true concerning additional assessment of this patient?a. ~You should now check the patient’s radial pulse.b. The next step is to measure the patient’s blood pressure.c. No further assessment of circulation is needed.d. You must determine whether the patient responds to painful stimuli.123. Which of the following would you do to assess a patient for disability in the primary assessment?a. Check for radial pulses.b. ~Place your hands near the patient’s hands and ask her to squeeze you fingers.c. Hold up a finger and ask the patient to follow your finger with her eyes as you move it.d. List five items, and ask the patient to remember them.  Ask the patient to repeat the five items after several minutes.124. When updating the incoming EMS units, which of the following should you include in your report?a. The patient’s age and name.b. A list of the patient’s medications.c. The patient’s marital status and ethnicity.d. ~The patient’s level of consciousness.125. Which of the following is the most important factor in obtaining a patient’s medical history?a. ~Having good communication skills.b. Using proper medical terminology to ask questions.c. Making sure the patient gets to the point effectively.d. Avoiding questions that may embarrass the patient.126. A patient tells you she called because she has chest pain, but she also feels nauseated.  In this case, nausea is most accurately described as:a. The patient’s historyb. ~A symptomc. A signd. The chief complaint127. Which of the following statements is true regarding obtaining the patient’s history?a. It is not important to ask about medications if the patient’s chief complaint is an injury.b. Last oral intake is only important if the patient is nauseated or vomiting.c. Food allergies are not the concern of the EMR, no matter what the patient’s complaint.d. ~Asking about the past medical history is important for all patients.128. Which of the following statements is true concerning the EMR’s role in obtaining vital signs?a. Taking a blood pressure provides no useful information for the EMR, but is done to give information to incoming EMS units.b. As long as a patient’s vital signs are normal, the EMR does not need to repeat vital signs.c. ~Both baseline and follow-up vital signs are important for all patients.d. A blood pressure is only taken if the pulse is weak, irregular, too fast, or too slow.129. Your patient is a 5-day-old infant.  Which of the following respiratory rates should you consider abnormal in this patient?a. 50b. 40c. 30d. ~20130. When assessing an adult, you should expect the respiratory rate to be ____ per minute.a. 25-50b. 15-30c. ~12-20d. 6-12131. Your patient is a 7-year-old male who was struck by a car as he was riding his bicycle down the road.  Which of the following would make you suspect that his perfusion is not adequate?a. Capillary refill time less than 2 seconds.b. Pale, cool skin.c. ~Heart rate of 116.d. Blood pressure of 94/62132. Upon trying to auscultate a patient’s blood pressure, you were unable to hear distinct noises.  Which of the following is the best course of action?a. ~Try palpating the blood pressure instead.b. Record your best estimate of the blood pressure on what you heard.c. Inflate the blood pressure cuff to the maximum pressure and try again, deflating the cuff very slowly.d. Treat the patient for shock.133. Your patient is a 27-year-old female who was the driver of a vehicle involved in a minor collision.  She is alert and complaining of pain in her left elbow.  Her pulse is 78, respirations are 12, and blood pressure is 118/72.  When you check her pupils, you do not see them constrict in response to your penlight.  Which of the following makes the most sense?a. The patient has an injury to her brainb. The patient is in shockc. The patient is wearing contact lensesd. ~There is too much light around you to assess the pupils134. Your patient is a 50-year-old male who was found unresponsive in his home.  He does not respond to painful stimuli and has cool, pale, dry skin.  His pulse is 60, respirations are 6, and blood pressure is 90/68.  Upon checking his pupils, you find that they are very constricted and do not constrict further in response to your penlight.  Which of the following is the most likely explanation for his constricted pupils?a. The patient has an injury to his brainb. The patient is hypoxicc. ~The patient has overdosed on a narcotic drugd. Your penlight is not bright enough to cause the pupils to constrict further135. Your patient is a 19-year-old male with a history of asthma.  He is mildly wheezing, but alert, and does not appear to be in significant respiratory distress.  His pulse is 82, respirations are 20, and blood pressure is 124/74.  When assessing his pulse oximetry reading, you get a reading of 72 percent with a pulse of 44.  Which of the following is the most likely explanation?a. The patient is hypoxicb. ~You are not getting an accurate pulse oximetry readingc. Your initial vital sign assessment was inaccurated. The patient may have a high level of carbon monoxide136. Your patient is a 4-year-old child who has been vomiting for 2 days.  He is pale, very drowsy, and slow to respond to you.  He has a pulse of 140, respirations of 30, and blood pressure of 88/50.  His pupils respond to light by constricting and he has a capillary refill time of 4 seconds.  Which of the following tells you the most about his perfusion status?a. The blood pressureb. His respiratory ratec. ~Capillary refill timed. The heart rate137. After the primary assessment, which of the following will provide you with the most information about an alert patient with a medical complaint?a. ~A thorough medical historyb. Pulse oximetryc. Palpating the abdomend. A head-to-toe assessment138. For which of the following patients should you apply manual stabilization of the head and neck as you begin the assessment?a. ~A 13-year-old male who was ejected from an all-terrain-vehicle (ATV) into some tall grass.b. A 50-year-old male who began having chest pain and difficulty breathing while shoveling snow from his driveway.c. A 70-year-old female who says he knee “gave out” as she was walking across the lawn, causing her to fall to the other knee.d. A 24-year-old female who was bitten on the forearm when she tried to break up a fight between her dog and another dog.139. An 80-year-old female stood up from her chair and felt a “snap” in her right hip, causing her to fall to the floor.  On examination, the right leg is shorter than the left and the foot is turned outward.  This is an example of:a. Guardingb. ~Asymmetryc. Crepitusd. Deformity140. A 45-year-old female fell down a flight of 12 steps.  Her chief complaint is pain in her right arm and shoulder.  As you complete a head-to-toe exam, the patient takes in a sharp breath as you palpate her right thigh and states that she experienced pain when you touched the area.  This finding is best described as:a. Discomfortb. Deformityc. Guardingd. ~Tenderness141. A 60-year-old man fell about 10 feet from a ladder onto the lawn.  He is complaining of pain in his right arm, which appears deformed and swollen.  As you complete your examination, you note that there is bruising and tenderness over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.  Which of the following terms best describes the injury to the patient’s arm?a. Secondary injuryb. ~Distracting injuryc. Collateral injuryd. Priority injury142. A 78-year-old female slipped on some ice and fell down six concrete steps.  She is still on the ground when you arrive.  She is complaining that she has pain in her ribs on the right side when she breathes and that it is getting harder to breathe.  She is wearing a heavy coat and several layers of clothing.  Responding EMS units are still about 10 minutes away.  Which of the following is in the best interest of your patient?a. Cut away any clothing that is preventing you from assessing the area.  The possibility of the patient getting colder is secondary to the need to assess the area.b. Keep the clothing intact to prevent the patient from catching a chill.  The EMTs can assess the patient after the put her in the ambulance.c. ~Move the clothing aside, cutting as little as possible, so you can cover the patient up again after assessing the area.  It is critical that you observe the area the patient is complaining about.d. If the patient can move, help her inside, where it is warm, so you can assess the area and prevent the patient from getting colder.143. When assessing a patient’s abdomen, you note that it is swollen.  The correct way to refer to this when relaying your findings to the responding EMTs is to state that the patient’s abdomen is:a. ~Distendedb. Bloatedc. Distortedd. Guarded144. While you are palpating a patient’s pelvis, the patient indicates to you that it is painful.  You should:a. Press more firmly to establish the extent of the injury.b. Rock the pelvis gently from side to side.c. Roll the patient onto his side and inspect the posterior aspect of the pelvis.d. ~Make a note of the finding and move on to palpate lower extremities.145. You have responded to a call for a patient who fell from his roof onto his concrete driveway.  When you arrive, the 51-year-old male patient is unresponsive and bleeding from a cut on the back of his head.  You stabilize the cervical spine and open the patient’s airway.  You note that the patient’s breathing is deep and rapid.  A second EMR tells you that the patient’s pulse is 52 per minute and his blood pressure is 188/104.  Which of the following is indicated by these findings?a. Shock from internal bleeding.b. ~Serious closed head injury.c. Serious injury to the heart or lungs.d. A medical problem not related to the fall.146. As you enter a residence for a call for an injured child, you note that the scene is noisy and chaotic.  The television is very loud and the lights are dim.  A small dog is barking excitedly.  Which of the following will best allow you to establish control of the scene and gain the cooperation of those present?a. Turn off the television set as you walk past on your way to the patient.b. State, “Someone needs to get this dog out of here so I can do my job.”c. ~Ask, “Could I have someone turn on some lights so I can take a look at the patient?”d. Immediately pick up the patient and take him into another room.147. Your patient is a 23-year-old female who had a sudden onset of abdominal pain while at work.  Her coworkers are anxiously gathered about as you arrive.  The patient is alert, with good color and warm, dry skin.  She seems a bit embarrassed and tells you she is feeling better and that she’s sorry you had to respond for nothing.  The responding EMS unit is 2-3 minutes away.  Which of the following would be the best way to handle this situation?a. ~Ask your patient if you can take her vital signs, but wait to take the history.b. Obtain a SAMPLE history and OPQRST related to the chief complaint.c. Tell the coworkers that the patient is very sick and you need privacy to examine her.d. Tell the patient you understand that she might feel uncomfortable, but it is important that she be truthful with you about the pain she is having.148. Personal space, the distance from others in all directions that most people feel comfortable, is about ____ feet.a. 1b. 2c. ~3d. 4149. Your patient is a 33-year-old female who works at a gas station convenience store.  She slipped on some wet tile and fell, injuring her arm.  As you enter the store, you see the patient sitting on a chair, holding her left arm, which appears deformed, with her right.  To obtain the most accurate and complete history, which of the following statements or question should you start with?a. “It looks like you’ve got a really painful arm, there.”b. “On a scale of 1-10, with 10 being the worst, how much pain are you having in your arm?”c. “Are you having any difficulty breathing?”d. ~“Hi, my name is Ben.  What happened?”150. The radio that you would take with you when you leave your vehicle and approach the patient is a ____ radio.a. Base stationb. Mobilec. ~Portabled. Repeater151. When speaking on the radio, you should hold the microphone:a. Lightly touching your lips.b. About 1 inch from your lips.c. ~About 4 inches from your lips.d. About 12 inches from your lips.152. You have been called to the home of a 72-year-old male who previously had a stroke, and today has a cough and fever.  When the patient speaks, his speech is slurred and it is difficult to understand what he is saying.  What should you do?a. ~Tell the patient you are having a hard time understanding and ask if he can write down what he wants to say.b. Speak louder and more clearly.c. Get the pertinent information from a family member.d. Skip the history to avoid frustrating the patient, but go ahead with the assessment.153. When writing a patient care report, an example of patient data is:a. The location of the call.b. ~Medications the patient is taking.c. To whom you turned over care of the patient.d. A written description of what you saw when you entered the scene.154. Which of the following is an example of subjective information in your patient care report?a. “The patient was found lying on the floor on his left side.”b. “Date of birth: 12/21/1961”c. ~“The patient rates his chest pain a 7 on a scale of 10.”d. “The patient’s skin was wet and cool to the touch.”155. You have responded to care for an elderly female who is bedridden and lives with her son and his family.  Your examination reveals that the patient is very thin and has several deep bedsores on her buttocks.  Which of the following reflects objective documentation of the facts?a. ~“The patient has four skin ulcers on her buttocks.  There were no dressings on the wounds.”b. “The patient had not been turned, resulting in the formation of bedsores.”c. “The patient is not being given proper nutrition.”d. “The patient receives inadequate care at home.”156. Which of the following is true concerning EMR prehospital care report documentation?a. It is not considered a legal document unless you provide emergency medical care.b. It can be subpoenaed in criminal, but not civil, court cases.c. ~The care with which it is written is assumed to be a reflection on the care you provided to the patient.d. The objective information can be used in court, but the subjective information cannot.157. Oxygenated blood leaving the lungs returns to the ____ of the heart.a. Right atriumb. ~Left atriumc. Right ventricled. Left ventricle158. The exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the blood and the cells of the body occurs at the level of the:a. Aortab. Arteriesc. ~Capillariesd. Venules159. The heart muscle receives oxygenated blood from the ____ arteries.a. ~Coronaryb. Cerebralc. Pulmonaryd. Systemic160. Wheezing in asthma is caused by:a. Fluid in the alveolib. Infection of the larynxc. ~Constriction of the small airwaysd. Inflammation of the oropharynx161. Chest pain, heaviness, or discomfort due to a myocardial infarction is due to:a. Inflammation of the lung tissueb. ~Lack of oxygen to the heart musclec. A spasm of the heart muscled. Fluid in the alveoli162. A reduction in blood flow to the heart muscle, causing pain but not death of the heart muscle, is known as:a. ~Angina pectorisb. Congestive heart failurec. Myocardial infarctiond. Ventricular fibrillation163. A patient experiences pain in the chest while doing yard work, but the pain goes away after a few minutes of rest. This pattern is most typical with:a. Myocardial infarctionb. Heart attackc. Congestive heart failured. ~Angina pectoris164. Which of the following is most likely to be experienced by the patient in ventricular fibrillation?a. Palpitationsb. ~Cardiac arrestc. Shortness of breathd. Nausea165. A patient states that he has pain in his chest that feels like it “goes through to my back.” Which of the following is the most accurate description of the patient’s complaint?a. Onset of pain is in the chestb. ~Chest pain radiates to the backc. Provocation of chest pain is to the backd. Pain is radiating in quality166. A 50-year-old female is complaining of difficulty breathing and pain in her left shoulder, along with some “heartburn.” She is alert and seems anxious.  Which of the following should you do first?a. ~Administer oxygenb. Have the patient lie downc. Apply the AED padsd. Obtain a SAMPLE history167. A 60-year-old male is lying on the kitchen floor. His wife reports he collapsed while sitting at the table and fell to the floor. He does not respond to painful stimuli, his skin is cool and dry, his is breathing shallowly 8 times per minute, and he has a carotid pulse of 44 per minute. Of the following, which should you do first?a. Obtain a blood pressureb. Apply the AED padsc. Perform a head to toe examd. ~Assist breathing with a bag valve mask168. A 55-year-old male complains of sudden onset of severe, “crushing” chest pain while working in his home office. He is pale and cool, and has diaphoretic skin. His radial pulse is 74 per minute, and respirations are 20. Which of the following will benefit the patient the most at this time?a. Asking if he has a family history of heart diseaseb. ~Administering oxygen by nonrebreather maskc. Determining the OPQRST of the paind. Locate the patient’s nitroglycerin169. A 70-year-old male patient has a history of a previous heart attack. His physician has instructed him that if he experiences chest pain and believes he is having another heart attack, he should call 911 and take two medications.  These two medications are most likely:a. Albuterol and aspirinb. Nitroglycerin and albuterolc. ~Nitroglycerin and aspirind. Epinephrine and aspirin170. A patient who has smoked for many years has ongoing inflammation of the lower airways, along with increased mucus production, difficulty breath, and productive cough. He has periods when his symptoms are better, but he calls 911 when he has episodes in which his breathing becomes worse. This description is most consistent with:a. Asthmab. ~Chronic bronchitisc. Emphysemad. Pneumonia171. When the left side of the heart cannot keep up with the amount of blood returned to it, causing blood to back up into the lungs, this is called:a. Pneumoniab. Chronic bronchitisc. Emphysemad. ~Congestive heart failure172. You are on the scene with a 16-year-old male who has a history of asthma. He does not have his inhaler with him. He began wheezing and having difficulty breathing during gym class at school. You have applied a nonrebreather mask at 15 liters per minute of oxygen. The patient’s wheezing has decreased, and the chest wall is moving much less than when you first arrived. Initially, the patient was fighting you as you tried to assess him and provide oxygen. Now he seems very tired and sleepy. Of the following, which should you do first?a. ~Ensure and open airway and assist ventilations with a bag valve maskb. Switch to a nasal cannula now that the patient is calmerc. Advise the incoming EMS crew that the patient’s condition has improvedd. Call the parents for permission to perform further assessment and treatment173. You are called to a residence for difficulty breathing a 3:00 a.m. You find a 79-year-old female sitting in a recliner with several pillows behind her head. Her respiratory rate is 24 per minute, her radial pulse is 88, and he skin is cool and moist. Which of the following pieces of information would lead you to believe that the patient has congestive heart failure?a. She complains of fever and chillsb. ~She always sleeps in the reclinerc. She takes an aspirin every dayd. She uses an  inhaler for her difficulty breathing174. When auscultating a patient’s lungs you hear coarse, bubbling, rattling sounds. These sounds are best described as:a. Crackles (rales)b. Wheezesc. ~Rhonchid. Stridor175. You are caring for an alert patient who is complaining of difficulty breathing. The most important thing you can do is:a. Determine why the patient is having difficulty breathingb. Identify any abnormal breath soundsc. Obtain a pulse oximetry readingd. ~Administer oxygen176. Which of the following is the most important reason to calm and reassure the patient who is anxious due to difficulty breathing?a. ~The body requires more oxygen during states of anxietyb. It is difficult to get a good history from an anxious patientc. When the patient is anxious, it makes everyone else anxiousd. Vital signs will not be accurate if the patient is anxious177. What is the most important thing to realize when you discover that a patient does not have breath sounds on one side of the chest?a. It could be a pneumothoraxb. It could be pneumoniac. There is nothing you can do about this findingd. ~The patient is not adequately oxygenated178. Which of the following best describes the responsibility of the EMR in assessing and managing the patient who is unresponsive?a. Determining if the patient is having a strokeb. ~Maintaining the patient’s airway, breathing, and circulationc. Preventing seizuresd. Administering oral glucose paste between the cheek and gums179. The main source of fuel for the body’s cells is:a. ~Glucoseb. Oxygenc. Sodiumd. Insulin180. Your patient is a 57-year-old male found sitting at the bus station. He opens his eyes when you speak to him, but gives confused answers. The bus station manager called 911 because he believes the patient is drunk. Which of the following would concern you the most if found during your assessment?a. Pulse of 64b. Respirations of 20c. Warm skind. ~A fruity odor to his breath181. Which of the following best describes the role of insulin in the body?a. It raises the blood glucose levelb. It is the primary source of fuel for the body’s cellsc. ~It is a helper that allows glucose to enter the body’s cellsd. It stimulates the pancreas to release glucose into the blood.182. You have responded to a residence where a woman states that her husband has been urinating frequently and drinking an excessive amount of water.  He has been increasingly confused and sleepy over the past 3 days. She tells you that she is sure that her husband has a kidney infection, but she cannot get him to see a doctor. She states he does not have any known medical history and does not take any medications. Your assessment reveals a 65-year-old male who is moderately obese and who responds to painful stimuli by weakly trying to push your hand away. His skin is flushed, warm, and dry. Vital signs are pulse 100, respirations 24, and blood pressure 102/62. The patient’s condition is most consistent with:a. Strokeb. Hypoglycemiac. Seizured. ~Hyperglycemia183. A 25-year-old male with a history of diabetes began acting confused just before lunchtime. The patient is awake, but unable to answer your questions intelligibly. He keeps trying to walk away from you. He is sweating profusely, has a pulse of 96, and has respirations of 18, but he will not cooperate with allowing you to take a blood pressure. Which of the following is the best course of action?a. ~Add some sugar to a glass of juice and encourage the patient to drink itb. Get the patient to lie on his left side until EMS arrivesc. Avoid giving sugar to prevent a dangerously high blood glucose leveld. Contact law enforcement to your safety before taking any additional action184. To which of the following is a stroke most similar in the way it causes damage to the bodya. Seizureb. Hypoglycemiac. ~Heart attackd. Diabetes185. Which of the following statements regarding stroke is most accurate?a. The signs and symptoms last only a few minutes but should not be ignoredb. ~There are treatments available that can reverse the signs and symptoms of stroke in some patients if they are treated early enoughc. Talking to a patient who is having difficulty speaking will confuse and agitate himd. Patients having signs and symptoms of stroke require treatment by placing a glucose gel between the cheek and gums186. The three components assess using the Cincinnati Prehospital Stroke Scale are:a. Pupil reaction, equality of grip strength, and ability to speakb. ~Ability to speak, arm drift, and facial droopc. Memory, facial droop, pupil reactiond. Arm drift, facial droop, blood pressure187. Your patient is a 50-year-old female who experienced a sudden weakness of her left arm, slightly slurred speech, and weakness of the right side of her face. She is alert and oriented, though a bit difficult to understand. Her blood pressure is 144/88, pulse is 88, and respirations are 16. Which of the following makes the most sense?a. This is most consistent with hypoglycemia, and the patient needs oral glucose.b. This is most consistent with a seizure, and the patient needs high flow oxygenc. ~The patient is most likely having a stroke and needs oxygend. The patient most likely took an overdose of medications and you should contact poison control immediately188. A prolonged seizure or two or more seizures that occur without a period of responsiveness in between is called:a. Tonic clonic seizureb. Epilepsyc. Transient ischemic attackd. ~Status epilepticus189. A 3-year-old male has drunk some lamp oil from a decorative oil lamp.  This is an example of poisoning by:a. Inhalationb. ~Ingestionc. Injectiond. Absorption190. You have received a call for possible poisoning by inhalation resulting from a young man mixing ammonia and bleach together, producing vapors that caused difficulty breathing.  The most critical action you can take for this patient is to:a. ~Carefully survey the scene for indications of dangerb. Protect the patient’s airway, and ensure breathing and circulationc. Call poison controld. Find out how much of each substance was used in the mixture191. A substance that causes a hypersensitivity response when the body is exposed to it is a(n):a. Antibodyb. ~Allergenc. Histamined. Leukotriene192. The signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction are caused by:a. The substance to which the patient is allergicb. Epinephrinec. Antihistaminesd. ~Leukotrienes and histamine193. Your patient is a 26-year-old female complaining of “breaking out in hives.” She believes she may be allergic to an antibiotic prescribed to her for a urinary tract infection. She is awake and alert, with warm, moist skin and good color. She has hives on her face, arms, and chest. She is having no respiratory difficulty. She has a respiratory rate of 16, pulse of 88, and blood pressure of 116/78. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the patient’s chief complaint and presentation?a. ~The patient is experiencing a mild allergic reaction, possibly to the antibiotic she is takingb. The urinary tract infection has spread, becoming a generalized infectionc. The patient is experiencing anaphylactic shock, probably due to the antibiotic she is takingd. The patient has taken an overdose of the antibiotic, causing a toxic reaction194. A bee stung a 10-year-old male. By the time you arrive, the patient is having difficulty breathing, and is pale, cool, and diaphoretic. He is awake and anxious, with a weak radial pulse of 130, respirations of 24 with obvious wheezing, and a blood pressure of 92/64. Which of the following should have the lowest priority in further assessment and management of this patient?a. ~Obtain a pulse oximetry readingb. Find out if the patient has an epinephrine auto-injectorc. Apply oxygen by nonrebreather maskd. Inspect the site of the sting to see if the stinger is still present195. A patient informs you that she used an epinephrine auto-injector following the onset of signs and symptoms of anaphylaxis due to ingesting sesame seeds. If the epinephrine is having an effect, which of the following would you expect to find in your assessment?a. ~Pale skin, chest pain, anxiousnessb. Low blood pressure, confusion, wheezingc. Stomach cramps, vomiting, hivesd. Swelling of the tongue and lips, drowsiness, pale skin196. Your patient is a 5-year-old male with a history of food allergies. After eating a treat at a birthday party, the patient began having difficulty breathing and complaining of stomach cramps. The patient vomited, and now appears pale and diaphoretic. The child does not have an epinephrine auto-injector. Which of the following has the highest priority in your assessment and treatment of this patient?a. Finding out to what foods the child has an allergyb. ~Maintaining the airway and applying high-flow oxygenc. Getting a full set of vital signsd. Contacting the mother to get permission to treat the patient197. A 40-year-old male with a history of bee sting anaphylaxis used his epinephrine auto-injector about 15 minutes ago while awaiting your arrival.  He initially experienced some relief of his difficulty breathing and feeling of weakness. On your arrival, he states he is having more trouble breathing and is feeling more light headed. Which of the following should you do?a. Assume the patient’s auto-injector was expired and ineffectiveb. Ask the patient if he is sure he was stung by a bee, since the epinephrine doesn’t seem to be workingc. Irrigate the site of the sting with water to remove any venom on the skind. ~Ask if the patient has a second dose of epinephrine and assist him with its use198. After inserting an EpiPen into the thigh, the next step is to:a. Pull off the gray safety release capb. Unscrew the green or yellow cap from the storage tubec. ~Hold the unit firmly against the thigh for 10 secondsd. Remove the unit from the thigh and massage the injection area for 10 seconds199. Usually, the patient with acute abdominal pain will feel most comfortable if positioned:a. Proneb. ~On his side with legs drawn upc. Supined. Sitting straight up200. A 50-year-old woman is complaining of right upper quadrant pain, pain in her right shoulder, nausea, and vomiting. She states the symptoms began about 30 minutes after she ate dinner. She is awake and alert, but appears uncomfortable and continues vomiting. Which of the following is the most important part of your assessment and management?a. ~Place the patient on her left sideb. Find out what she atec. Ask if she has an epinephrine auto-injectord. Palpate the abdomen201. Your patient is a 79-year-old male who had a sudden onset of bright red bleeding from the rectum. On your arrival you can see that there is a significant amount of blood in and around the toilet, and on the patient. The patient is pale and diaphoretic, and is having difficulty paying attention to you as you ask questions. Which of the following must you do first?a. Obtain a complete set of vital signsb. ~Lay the patient flat and apply oxygen by nonrebreather maskc. Estimate as accurately as possible the amount of blood that has been lostd. Ask the patient if anything like this has happened to him in the past202. You have provided initial care to a 16-year-old male complaining of lower right quadrant pain and nausea that began about 4 hours ago. You have placed him on oxygen and determined that his vital signs are blood pressure 122/78, pulse 88, and respirations 20. The patient has had no pertinent illnesses or surgeries, takes no medications, has no allergis, and last ate 6 hours ago. EMS is 10 minutes away. What should you do while awaiting the arrival of EMS?a. Give small sips of water to prevent dehydrationb. Reexamine the abdomenc. ~Retake vital signs to detect any trendsd. Retake the history to see if the patient adds any information203. Your patient is a 70-year-old female complaining of abdominal pain accompanied by vomiting. She says the material she vomited “looked like coffee.” Which of the following should concern you the most about this patient?a. Blood pressure of 128/84b. ~Heart rate of 124c. Pulse oximetry is 97% on room aird. Last oral intake was a piece of toast and tea last night204. Your patient, a 35-year-old female, is complaining of severe abdominal pain in the left lower quadrant. When palpating the abdomen, at which point is the left lower quadrant palpated?a. Firstb. Secondc. Thirdd. ~Fourth205. When a patient receives dialysis, this means he is suffering from:a. ~Kidney failureb. Diabetesc. Cancerd. Liver failure206. A 60-year-old female received dialysis earlier in the day and is now having bleeding from the shunt in her right forearm. She is alert, with warm, dry skin.  Which of the following is most important in the treatment of this patient?a. Determine the blood pressure in the right upper extremityb. Administer high flow oxygen by nonrebreather maskc. ~Apply direct pressure over the site of the bleedingd. Apply a tourniquet above the site of the bleeding207. EMS systems initially developed to provide better care to the victims of:a. ~Traumab. Heart attackc. Chokingd. Environmental emergencies208. Hospitals that meet strict criteria set by the American College of Surgeons to properly care for trauma patients are known as:a. EMS systemsb. Emergency departmentsc. Accident and emergency roomsd. ~Trauma centers209. The first step in a scene size up on trauma calls is:a. Determining the mechanism of injuryb. Developing an index of suspicion for specific injuriesc. ~Determining scene safetyd. Determining the number of patients210. Your patient is a 40 year old male who cut his hand while he was sharpening a lawn mower blade. He is alert and oriented, but has a 3 inch cut across the palm of his right hand. Which of the following best describes the appropriate EMS assessment of this patient?a. ~Perform a primary assessment, examine the injured area and take vital signsb. No assessment of this patient is necessary before the transporting EMS unit arrivesc. Perform a primary assessment, take vitals, and perform a head to toe examd. Examine the injured area211. Strong consideration for transporting to a trauma center or using helicopter transportation should be given to patients who have a Glasgow Come Scale of less than:a. 15b. ~12c. 8d. 3212. While you are assessing a patient, he does not open his eyes to a verbal request or to a pinch of his trapezius muscle. His eye opening score for the Glasgow Coma Scale is:a. 0b. ~1c. 2d. 3213. While you are assessing a patient, he complies with your request to roll up his pant leg so you can inspect his injured ankle. You would assign a Glasgow Coma Scale motor response score of:a. ~6b. 5c. 4d. 3214. A 25 year old male was beaten with a metal pipe during a fight. Law enforcement is on the scene, and the patient is awake, sitting up against a wall when you arrive. He is angry and resisting the help of his friend, who is trying to hold an ice pack on his forehead. The patient is not wearing a shirt. You see no bleeding, but the patient has several bruises on his back, sides, and chest. The patient is sweating and cursing, and trying to get up from the floor. Which of the following is the highest priority in caring for this patient?a. Getting him to calm down so his friend can hold the ice pack on his foreheadb. ~Giving the patient oxygenc. Inserting a nasal airwayd. Checking the blood pressure215. Which of the following is an early sign of shock?a. Unresponsivenessb. Low blood pressurec. ~Increased heart rated. Blue or mottled skin216. A 21 year old female complains of severe lower abdominal pain. She is pale with cold, sweaty skin. Her radial pulse is very weak and rapid, and her blood pressure is 100/78. Which of the following can you say for certain about this patient?a. She is in early shockb. ~She is starting to decompensatec. She is in irreversible shockd. He signs and symptoms are most likely due to her pain217. True or false: When blood loss occurs, a patient’s tissue oxygenation remains normal until his blood pressure drops.a. Trueb. ~False218. In which of the following patients should you be most concerned about shock?a. A 12 year old male who has numerous scrapes on his hands, elbows, knees, and chin after falling off his skateboardb. A 25 year old female who says she vomited once and the vomit looked like what she ate for lunchc. ~A 75 year old female who fainted in church and still says she feels weak, dizzy, and nauseatedd. A 35 year old male who stepped on a nail which remains stuck in his foot219. A 19 year old male has been stabbed in the neck, and has what appears to be significant blood loss. He does not respond to your voice and you can hear gurgling with each shallow breath that he takes. Bleeding from the wound continues. Which of the following should you do?a. Apply direct pressure to the wound while simultaneously opening the airway and then apply oxygen with a nonrebreather maskb. Open the airway with a jaw thrust, begin ventilations with a BVM, and then apply direct pressure to the woundc. Apply direct pressure to the wound, turn the patient on his side, suction the airway, and communicate the situation to the responding ambulance crewd. ~Apply direct pressure to the wound while simultaneously opening the airway, suction blood from the airway, and begin ventilations with a BVM220. Your patient is a 16 year old male who was accidentally struck in the back of the head with a machete while cutting weeds. His mother is holding a cloth over the wound. The cloth is saturated with blood, but there does not seem to be a great deal of additional bleeding. The patient is awake and his skin is warm and dry. Which of the following should you do?a. Have the mother continue direct pressure while you assess the patient and get a historyb. Take over direct pressure and wait for the responding ambulance crew.c. ~Remove the cloth and place a sterile dressing over the woundd. Lift the cloth to see how much bleeding is continuing, then continue direct pressure221. A 45 year old male has a large laceration on the inside of his thigh from a mishap with a chainsaw. He is sitting on a log and his neighbor is applying direct pressure to the wound. Direct pressure has failed to control the bleeding and the patient is pale, sweaty, and anxious. Which of the following should you immediately do?a. Inspect the wound, apply a pressure dressing, apply oxygen by nonrebreather mask, then have the patient lie downb. Have the patient lie down, apply oxygen by nonrebreather mask, and then secure a tourniquet between his knee and the wound.c. Apply oxygen by nonrebreather mask, apply a pressure dressing, and then splint the extremity. Add more dressings as neededd. ~Have the patient lie down, secure a tourniquet between the wound and the patient’s groin, and then apply oxygen by nonrebreather mask.222. Your patient is an 82 year old female with a nosebleed. She states the nosebleed started about an hour ago and hasn’t stopped. She is pale with moist skin. Her radial pulse is 100 per minute and slightly weak. Respiratory rate is 22. She says she feels a bit woozy and sick to her stomach. Which of the following should you do?a. ~Pinch the patient’s nostrils together firmly, position her on her side, and be prepared to suction the airwayb. Pinch the nostrils together firmly, have the patient sit up, leaning slightly forward, and offer her a basin in case she needs to vomitc. Place the patient supine and pinch the nostrils together firmlyd. Obtain a blood pressure before deciding what additional action should be taken223. Your patient is a 5 year old boy who experienced dizziness, wheezing, and difficulty breathing after eating some of a friend’s cookies at school. He seems very drowsy and has hives on his arms and body. Respirations are 40 per minute and shallow, his radial pulse is weak at about 130. Which of the following is the highest priority in the care of this patient?a. Immediately obtain the blood pressure to determine if the patient is in anaphylactic shockb. Contact the parents for consent to treat the patientc. Find out if the boy has any allergies and exactly what was in the cookies he ated. ~Start ventilations with a BVM and supplemental oxygen224. Which of the following would you do when caring for a patient who has a 1 inch diameter open wound just below the right shoulder blade?a. ~Cover the wound with airtight material and tape on three sidesb. Apply a cold pack to the woundc. Use a thick absorbent dressing to control the bleedingd. Pack the wound with petroleum gauze225. You have applied an occlusive dressing to a suck chest wound. Your patient begins to deteriorate. His breathing is more labored and shallow, he is more anxious, and his heart rate is increasing. He is becoming mottled and sweaty. You should:a. Replace the occlusive dressing with a thick absorbent dressing to control bleeding.b. ~Lift the occlusive dressing to release pressure building up in the chestc. Insert a needle in the chest to relieve pressure building up in the chestd. Apply firm direct pressure over the top of the occlusive dressing226. A hemothorax involves:a. Air trapped in the chest cavity under pressureb. An accumulation of air between the lung and chest wallc. Blood in the alveoli of the lungsd. ~An accumulation of blood between the lung and chest wall227. A 21 year old male patient was struck in the right side of his chest with a baseball bat. As you palpate the area, you hear a crackling, popping sound in the soft tissues around the area. This finding is known as:a. ~Subcutaneous emphysemab. Pneumothoraxc. Traumatic asphyxiad. Tension pneumothorax228. An 82 year old female fell out of bed, striking the left side of her chest against a nightstand in the process. She is awake and has had no change in mental status. Her airway is open, she is breathing 20 times per minute and a radial pulse of 88. Her skin is warm and dry. She complains of pain in the left side of her chest, difficulty breathing, and pain with breathing. Her breath sounds are present and equal bilaterally. After applying oxygen, which of the following is appropriate in the care of this patient?a. Wrapping the chest with an elastic bandage to splint the ribsb. Having the patient lie on her left sidec. ~Having the patient hold a pillow against the painful area of her chestd. Performing positive pressure ventilation229. A 50 year old male was working in an industrial setting when a sealed 55 gallon drum of fluid fell onto him, striking him in the chest. He is lying supine on a concrete floor, and the barrel has rolled off to the side. It is not leaking, and there are no other hazards. The patient responds to your voice but is anxious and confused. His skin is mottled, especially above the shoulders, and cool. He is sweating profusely. His airway is open. He is breathing 30 times per minute with shallow breaths, and he has a weak radial pulse of 124. An examination of the chest reveals bruising, but no deformity, crepitus, or abnormal motion. Which of the following is the best way of managing this patient until EMS arrives?a. Assist the patient into a semisitting position and have him hold a pillow against the injured area; apply oxygen by nonrebreather maskb. Apply oxygen by nonrebreather mask, manually stabilize the spine, and secure a firm object such as a clipboard or book over the injured area to limit movement of the flail segmentc. Manually stabilize the spine, apply oxygen by nonrebreather mask, and elevate the legs 24-36 inches at the feetd. ~Manually stabilize the spine, assist breathing with a BVM and supplemnental oxygen, and perform continual reassessment230. An evisceration of the abdominal organs is best treated by:a. Direct pressure over the affect organsb. Bulky, dry, sterile dressingsc. ~Moist, sterile dressings covered by an occlusive dressingd. Repositioning the organs within the abdominal cavity231. A 35 year old man who fell from a second story roof landed on a garden stake, which is impaled in his abdomen, just below the right costal margin (lower border of the rib cage). The other end of the stake is protruding 3-4 inches from the body, just below the right scapula. There is surprisingly little bleeding around the entrance and exit wounds. Which of the following should be done in the care of this patient?a. Lay him supine and manually stabilize his head and neckb. First use a hand saw to cut the protruding portions of the stake flush with the body, then lay the patient supinec. ~Stabilize the patient’s head and neck with the patient on his left side; use bulky dressings to stabilize both ends of the staked. Withdraw the stake by pushing it through the body in the same direction it entered232. Which of the following statements concerning soft tissue injuries is true?a. Soft tissue injuries are never life threateningb. Soft tissues include skin, fatty tissue, muscle, and bonec. Blunt mechanisms of soft tissue injury are not as concerning as penetrating mechanismd. ~Soft tissue injuries may distract the patient and the EMR from other, more serious injuries233. An 11 year old boy has a hematoma to the back of his head after falling out of the hayloft of a barn and striking his head on the concrete barn floor. Of the following, the most serious immediate concern is:a. ~Potential injury to the brainb. Bleeding from the hematomac. The possibility of swelling around the woundd. Infection of the wound234. A 31 year old female caught the back of her arm on a piece of metal while working around the barnyard. She describes the injury as a “three corner tear”. In your documentation, you should accurately refer to this injury as a(n):a. Incisionb. Lacerationc. ~Avulsiond. Abrasion235. The first consideration when caring for a patient with an open soft tissue wound is:a. Controlling bleedingb. ~Ensuring an open airwayc. Preventing further contamination of the woundd. Performing a head to toe assessment236. Which of the following statements regarding wound dressings is true?a. ~The ideal dressing for most wounds is sterile, absorbent, non-stickb. A dressing is used to secure bandages in placec. A dressing should be exactly the same size as the woundd. Most dressings are made to stick to the wound to aid in bleeding control237. Which of the following is true regarding soft tissue injuries to the neck?a. Open wounds are more serious than closed woundsb. Closed, but not open, wounds may compromise the airwayc. ~Open wounds should be covered with an occlusive dressingd. A circumferential dressing is used for both open and closed wounds.238. A 30 year old factory worker’s hand has been amputated after being caught in machinery. The first priority in this situation is:a. ~Making sure the machinery has been shut down and no other uncontrolled hazards are presentb. Retrieving the amputated hand for possible reimplantationc. Controlling bleeding from the woundd. Applying oxygen239. Upon arriving at the scene of an injured woman as a result of a dog attack, a large dog approaches. He does not seem aggressive and it is not known if this is the dog that caused the injuries. You should:a. Open your door slowly and see if the dog shows signs of aggressionb. ~Check with dispatch to see if animal control is en routec. Park as close to the house as possible in order to make entrance with the least chance of contact with the animald. Attempt to capture the animal so it can be checked for rabies240. A 14 year old girl accidentally made contact with a hot iron on her forearm. She has two blisters surrounded by an area of reddened skin and complains that the burn is very painful. This injury is most likely a ____ burn.a. Full thicknessb. ~Partial thicknessc. Serious superficiald. Superficial241. In addition to the depth of a burn injury, which of the following would make the burn be considered more severe?a. Burns of the lower legb. Burns of 2% body surface area or morec. ~Burns of the faced. Burns caused by heat, rather than chemicals242. A 28 year old male received an electrical shock when he cut through an electrical line beneath a trailer with a power saw. The most critical concern for this patient should be:a. ~Potential heart complicationsb. Extensive external burn injuriesc. Finding an exit woundd. Long bone fractures243. Which of the following is a sign of increased pressure within the skull?a. Low blood pressureb. ~Abnormal respiratory patternsc. Increased heart rated. Temporary memory loss for events occurring after the injury244. A 55 year old male who was not wearing a helmet was thrown from his motorcycle after colliding with a car. He is having seizure activity when you arrive. Your highest priority in caring for this patient is:a. Examining the head for signs of injuryb. Checking the pupils for signs of brain injuryc. ~Doing your best to prevent movement of the neck and maintain an open airwayd. Checking for an increase in blood pressure and decrease in heart rate245. A 51 year old female fell off a ladder and struck her head on the sidewalk. You notice blood tinged fluid in the right ear. This is an indication of:a. ~A skull fractureb. Concussionc. Increased intracranial pressured. Herniation246. Which of the following principles should be followed when caring for an eye injury?a. Apply direct pressure to the eyeb. Irrigate the eye with water to remove blood in order to better examine the eyec. Remove impaled objects from the eyed. ~Bandage both eyes, even if only one is injured247. Which of the following statements is true concerning cervical collars?a. It is better to use a poorly fitting collar if you do not have the right sized collar for a patientb. A cervical collar prevents movement of the neckc. ~A properly fitting cervical collar allows neutral, in-line immobilization of the neckd. A soft cervical collar can be used if the mechanism of injury is questionable248. In which of the following cases should a helmet be removed from the patient?a. ~The helmet interferes with airway managementb. The patient complains of head painc. Cervical spine injury is suspectedd. The patient is also wearing shoulder pads249. A strain is an injury of a:a. Jointb. ~Musclec. Boned. Ligament250. The best way to immobilize a shoulder injury is a:a. Traction splintb. Rigid splintc. ~Sling and swathed. Pillow splint251. A traction splint is appropriate only for fractures of the:a. Pelvisb. ~Femurc. Humerusd. Knee252. An amputated part is best managed by:a. Placing it directly on iceb. Wrapping it in a dry bulky dressingc. Soaking it in waterd. ~Wrapping in sterile, saline moistened gauze253. True or false: Shivering stops when patients become progressively more hypothermic?a. ~Trueb. False254. Which of the following is appropriate in the treatment of a patient who is severely hypothermic?a. Warm fluids by mouthb. Vigorous massage of the extremitiesc. Having the patient move aboutd. ~Removing wet clothing255. The most serious type of heat related emergency is:a. ~Heatstrokeb. Heat exhaustionc. Heat crampsd. Hyperthermia256. A 17 year old high school athlete collapsed during practice in 90 degree temperatures and 80% humidity. She responds only to painful stimuli, and has hot, flushed skin. Which of the following is most critical in the treatment of this patient?a. Administer sips of cool water or sports drinkb. Have the coaching staff bring as many bags of ice as possible and cover the patient with icec. ~Wet the skin and fan the patient aggressivelyd. Begin CPR if a radial pulse cannot be felt257. The lower end of the uterus that opens during labor to allow childbirth is called thea. Fallopian tubeb. Endometriumc. ~Cervixd. Vagina258. The temporary organ of pregnancy that provides nourishment and oxygen to the fetus is thea. Amniotic sacb. Cervixc. ~Placentad. Birth canal259. Which of the following occurs during stage one of labora. ~The cervix dilatesb. The baby moves through the birth canalc. Crowningd. The placenta is delivered260. There is generally time to transport a woman in labor if her contractions are at least ____ minutes aparta. 1b. 3c. ~5d. 10261. A 30-year-old pregnant patient is having contractions 3 minutes apart. Which of the following indicates that you should prepare to deliver the baby on scenea. The due date is in 3 weeksb. ~The mother says she feels as though she needs to have a bowel movementc. The mother previously has a cesarean sectiond. This is the mother’s first pregnancy262. When assisting with delivery of an infant, you see the infant’s scalp at the vaginal opening, and the vaginal area is bulging. You shoulda. Attempt to suction the mouth and nose before the head is deliveredb. Place several pillows under the mother’s hips to slow the progress of deliveryc. Insert your fingers on either side of the infant’s head and pull gentlyd. ~Place the palm of your hand gently over the infant’s head263. Which of the following is the most critical piece of information to communicate to incoming EMS units following a deliverya. The contractions were 30 seconds to 1 minute apart at the time of deliveryb. This is the mother’s third deliveryc. ~The amniotic fluid was greenish brownd. The baby had a bowel movement after delivery264. During labor, which of the following is normal prior to delivery of the infanta. The umbilical cord appears in the birth canalb. ~Clear fluid gushes from the vagina during contractionsc. The infant’s feet appear at the vaginal openingd. The placenta is delivered265. Which of the following is part of the ideal care of a normal newborn immediately after deliverya. ~Keeping him at the level of the vagina until the umbilical cord is clampedb. Holding him by the heels and lightly slapping the buttocksc. Rinsing him off with saline or waterd. Clamping the umbilical cord before it stops pulsating266. Following a normal delivery, you have clamped and cut the umbilical cord. The mother states is having contractions again, and the protruding part of the umbilical cord becomes longer. You shoulda. Firmly massage the lower abdomen in a downward motionb. Gently pull the cord to deliver the placentac. Place an additional clamp on the umbilical cord and cut it againd. ~Encourage the mother to bear down like she did when she delivered the baby267. Following delivery, you notice about 250mL (1 cup) of blood loss from the mother’s vagina. You shoulda. ~Cover the vaginal area with sanitary napkinsb. Place absorbent dressings in the vaginal openingc. Turn the mother on her left side, administer high flow oxygen, and elevate the legsd. Immediately notify the incoming EMS unit268. A woman who is 7 months pregnant complains of general swelling, headaches, vomiting, and blurred vision. Her blood pressure is 162/90. These signs and symptoms are most consistent witha. Spontaneous abortionb. ~Preeclampsiac. Eclampsiad. Ectopic pregnancy269. Which of the following indicates the need for CPR in a newborna. The body is pink but the extremities are blueb. Respirations are less than 50 per minutec. The infant cries for 30 seconds then stopsd. ~Heart rate is less than 60 per minute270. You are assessing a 4-year-old with a severe cough and a suspected fever. She is crying and upset. Her mother is very anxious and has tears in her eyes. Which of the following is the best way to initially handle this situationa. Firmly tell the mother she must stay calmb. ~Allow the mother to hold or stay near the childc. Ask the mother to leave the roomd. Wait to assess the child until someone else is present271. Which of the following is true of the differences between adults and childrena. Child have much less body surface area for their size, allowing them to conserve body heatb. Sick children compensate for a longer period of time and deteriorate graduallyc. ~Infants’ and small children’s airways can be obstructed by hyperextending the neck when positioning the airwayd. Most adult equipment can easily be adapted to the care of infants and children272. You have responded for a report of a sick infant. Of the following, which is the most important aspect of forming an initial impression of the patient’s conditiona. ~Assessing the level of responsivenessb. Checking for feverc. Palpating the abdomend. Taking a blood pressure273. The three components of the pediatric assessment triangle area. Heart rate, presence of fever, and pulse oximetryb. Pupil reaction, skin color, appearancec. Work of breathing, pupil reaction, and presence of feverd. ~Appearance, work of breathing, skin assessment274. In the pediatric assessment triangle, appearance refers toa. Approximate age, weight, and heightb. ~Muscle tone, interactiveness and consolabilityc. Pulse, respiration, and blood pressured. Skin color, behavior, and initial position275. Maintaining the airway of a pediatric patient is made easier bya. The use of a nasal airway rather than an oral airwayb. ~Placing a folded small towel under the shouldersc. Padding under the headd. Hyperextending the neck and head276. When checking the pulse of an infant with respiratory distress, you should check the ____ pulsea. ~Brachialb. Radialc. Carotidd. Femoral277.  19-month-old toddler fell off a small riding toy and struck his chin on the sidewalk. He has a laceration under his chin. He is crying frantically  and struggles to move air when you try to look at his injury. A good way to initially attempt to gain his cooperation ould be toa. Tell him if he doesn’t stop crying that his mommy will have to leave the roomb. Ask the mother to hold his arms and head still to keep him from movingc. ~See if he has a favorite toy or stuffed animal that will help comfort himd. Tell him he won’t have to get stitches if he’ll just let you look at his cut278. Which of the following is true concerning the technique for BVM ventilations in infants and childrena. It is better to use a BVM that is too small than one that is too largeb. High pressures are needed to overcome the resistance to airflow of the smaller tracheac. ~The bag should be squeezed gently just until the chest risesd. A rate of 40 ventilations per minute for infants and 30 per minute for children should be used279. True or false: 30 percent of pediatric trauma cases are related to inappropriate management of the patient’s airwaya. ~Trueb. False280. Which of the following statements concerning croup is truea. ~The classic presentation of croup is the onset of a “seal bark” at nightb. The child with croup mostly has wheezing while he is active or playing during the dayc. Croup is a bacterial infection that causes swelling of the epiglottisd. It is never an emergency, although first-time parents can become very alarmed by it281. True or false: You should assume that seizures in children are from a rapid increase in temperature due to fevera. Trueb. ~False282. A 2-year-old female had a seizure, prompting her mother to call 911. When you arrive, the patient is drowsy and hard to awaken, but responds to a light pinch of her trapezius muscle with brief eye-opening and crying. She is breathing 26 times per minute and has a pulse of 120. She has hot, moist, flushed skin. Which of the following is appropriate in the management of this patienta. Open the airway with a head tilt chin lift, apply oxygen by nonrebreather mask, remove heavy clothing, and sponge the skin with rubbing alcoholb. Insert an oral airway, administer oxygen by nonrebreather mask, and cover the patient with blanketsc. ~Place her on her left side, apply blow-by oxygen, remove heavy clothing, and with the skin with a tepid wet washclothd. Place the child in a bathtub of cold water and ask the mother to administer acetaminophen (Tylenol) or ibuprofen (motrin) by mouth283. A 2-year-old patient is very drowsy and difficult to awaken. His father states he has had a fever and cough for 3 days and has not had an appetite or much interest in drinking juice or water. Which of the following would be most concerning	a. The patient’s temperature has been between 100-102Fb. Capillary refill time is about 1.5 secondsc. The parents have not given a dose of ibuprofen (Motrin) for 4 hoursd. ~The patient has not had a wet diaper for 6-8 hours284. Which of the following injuries should you most highly suspect in a 7-year-old female who was wearing a seat belt during a front-end motor vehicle collisiona. Skull fractureb. Femur fracturec. ~Lower spine injuryd. Facial lacerations285. You are called to the home of a 3-year-old child who has a tracheostomy and is dependent on a ventilator. The parents are panicked because the ventilator is not working properly and they have been unsuccessful in correcting the problem. Which of the following should you doa. ~Use a BVM to ventilate the patientb. Apply a nonrebreather mask with 12 liters per minute of oxygenc. Ask what type of problems the parents are having with the ventilatord. Call the patient’s home health equipment company for instructions on how to troubleshoot the ventilator286. You have responded to call of an infant not breathing. As you arrive, a woman runs to you with a 4-month-old infant in her arms. The infant is limp, gray in color, and not breathing, and you can’t find a brachial pulse. Which of the following is the highest prioritya. Find out if the woman is the child’s motherb. ~Begin CPRc. Ask when was the last time anyone saw the infant alived. Look for any signs of child abuse287. Which of the following expected signs is less likely to be present in the elderly patient in shocka. Altered mental statusb. ~Diaphoresisc. Pale skind. Nausea and vomiting288. Which of the following changes should you anticipate when assessing an elderly patienta. ~Decreased ability to see objects that are nearb. Thickening of the skinc. Hypersensitivity to soundd. Increased appetite289. True or false: Substance abuse is almost never a problem in the elderlya. Trueb. ~False290. A 79-year-old woman reports that she fell and now has severe pain in her right hip. Which of the following questions will help you the most in determining the nature of the problema. Do you live here aloneb. Have you broken your hip beforec. Did you take your blood pressure medicine todayd. ~How were you feeling just before you fell291. Which of the following statements is true concerning responding to calls for elderly patientsa. Confusion and loss of memory are normal parts of agingb. There is virtually no risk of violence when responding to calls for elderly patientsc. ~Assume that the elderly have normal hearing and mental status until it appears otherwised. Elderly patients rarely, if ever, make suicide attempts292. You have just asked an 89-year-old patient what happened that caused his wife to call 911. He does not answer immediately. The first thing you should do isa. Raise your voice and repeat your questionb. Ask his wife what happenedc. ~Give the patient a little longer to respondd. Ask the patient if he has a hearing aid293. A 76-year-old patient has a laceration on her shin from accidentally hitting her leg with a shovel while she was working in the garden. Although the laceration seems relatively minor, it continues to bleed. Which of the following may give you information about why the bleeding is continuinga. ~Do you take aspirinb. Have you had a feverc. Have you been depressed latelyd. Do you know what day it is294. Your 68-year-old patient tells you he takes metropolol. A logical follow-up question would bea. ~Do you have heart problems or high blood pressureb. Do you have diabetesc. Do you have a history of lung problemsd. Do you smoke or drink alcohol295. A good way to establish rapport with an elderly patient is toa. Use the patient’s first name to address himb. Call the patient “partner” or “hon”c. Speak in a loud voice when you approach the patientd. ~Offer a handshake when you introduce yourself296. Your 84-year-old patient, who is cared for by his son and daughter-in-law, is wearing pants that are wet with urine and has bruises on his forearms. The room where he stays has several days of laundry on the floor and dirty glasses and dishes on the dresser. The patient’s daughter-in-law called 911 because the patient seems confused today. Which of the following is an appropriate approacha. Call law enforcement and report your suspicions of abuseb. ~Tell the patient and family that it would be a good idea for him to let the ambulance take him to the hospitalc. Tell the family you understand their frustration, but there is really nothing EMS can do about the situationd. Ask the son and daughter-in-law why the patient is wet and living in a dirty room297. An example of a congenital condition is a. AIDSb. Paralysis due to spinal cord injuryc. COPDd. ~A malformation of the heart298. A 27-year-old female who is paralyzed from the shoulders down has a service dog that assists her with her daily activities. The patient is sick today with a fever and believes she has a urinary tract infection. She tells you she has to take her dog, Nadia, with her. What is the best way to handle the situationa. ~Let the patient know that the dog is welcome as long as its behavior does not endanger anyoneb. Tell the patient that animals are not allowed in ambulances or medical facilities under any circumstancesc. Ask the patient to see the dog’s official papers to verify that it is a service animald. Tell the patient that is is up to the ambulance crew to make these decisions on a case-by-case basis, but bringing the animal is discouraged299. One of the easiest ways to communicate with a patient who has hearing impairment is toa. Mouth your words slowly and in a slightly exaggerated mannerb. ~Use pen and paperc. Call dispatch for an American sign language interpreterd. Speak only when necessary, and use a loud voice when doing so300. Which of the following is true regarding patients with tracheostomiesa. It is not possible to speak with a tracheostomyb. No one but a physician or respiratory therapist is permitted to care for tracheostomiesc. ~A common problem is that mucus accumulates in the tubed. A patient with a tracheostomy must be on a ventilator301. Your patient has a device that is implanted under the skin of his upper left chest. His wife states that it is an AICD. This device is used toa. Deliver insulin to diabetic patients in precise dosagesb. Provide tube feedings to patients who cannot swallowc. Assist in pumping blood for patients with severe heart failured. ~Detect and shock life-threatening heart rhythms302. An indwelling catheter is used to a. ~Access the venous system and deliver drugs without the need for frequent IV sticksb. Drain urine from the bladderc. Collect fecal matter after surgery on the intestined. Deliver food directly to the stomach of a patient who cannot swallow303. The tube that attaches a ventilator to a patient’s tracheostomy is called a(n)a. ~Ventilator circuitb. Endotracheal tubec. Ostomy puchd. LVAD304. A patient has a tube inserted directly through the abdominal wall into the stomach so he can receive feedings. This is called a(n)a. NG tubeb. Indwelling catheterc. Ostomy pouchd. ~G tube305. A patient states he has an AICD. This tells you that the patient has a history ofa. Diabetesb. ~Heart diseasec. Stomach problemsd. Lung problems306. Which of the following is true concerning EMRs reporting suspicions of abusea. EMRs can only report child physical and sexual abuseb. The EMRs obligation to report is usually satisfied by reporting suspicions to incoming EMS unitsc. ~EMRs in all 50 states have legal protections when reporting suspicions of abused. EMRs must verbally report abuse, but are not expected to prepare written documentation307. While doing your routine vehicle check at the beginning of your shift, you notice that the engine oil level is slightly low. You should:a. Notify dispatch that you are out of serviceb. Consult your supervisorc. Go out of service until maintenance can be performedd. ~Add an approved engine oil308. Vehicle tire pressure, emergency lights and siren, and brake lights should all be checked at least:a. On every callb. ~Dailyc. Weeklyd. Monthly309. The best way to manage radio communications while driving is to:a. Steer with the left hand and hold the radio or microphone with the right handb. ~Have your partner use the radio while you drivec. Clip the portable radio to your right shoulderd. Keep the microphone in your right hand and keep both hands on the steering wheel310. While responding to an emergency call with your lights and siren on, you collide with a vehicle that does not yield the right-of-way to you at an intersection. The driver of the other vehicle is injured. Which of the following statements regarding this situation is most accurate?a. ~You could face both civil and criminal liabilityb. The driver may sue for his injuries, but you cannot receive a traffic citationc. You are protected from both criminal and civil liabilityd. You can be ticketed but you are protected from lawsuits311. Which of the following is the best example of failure to exercise due regard for others while operating an emergency vehicle?a. Proceeding through a red light after checking that the intersection is clearb. ~Sending a text message while drivingc. Driving 10 miles per hour over the speed limitd. Passing other vehicles on the left312. When approaching the scene of a motor vehicle collision, it is best to park your vehicle:a. ~Upwind from the damaged vehiclesb. Downhill from the damaged vehiclesc. Across lanes of oncoming trafficd. Immediately next to the most seriously damaged vehicle313. You are responding to a motor vehicle collision. As you select your personal protective equipment, which of the following will you give the LOWEST priority?a. Standard precautionsb. Turnout gearc. ~An N95 respiratord. A reflective safety vest314. You are responding to a residence on a call for a sick child with a fever. As you prepare to enter the scene, which of the following will you give the HIGHEST priority?a. ~Glovesb. Turnout gearc. Reflective safety vestd. N95 respirator315. Upon approaching a house on a medical call, you are disturbed by the behavior of the person greeting you at the door, but you can’t quite put your finger on what is bothering you. There are no weapons visible and no obvious signs of danger. The person tells you his “buddy” is down in the basement and he doesn’t know what is wrong with him. Which of the following would be the best course of action?a. ~Tell the person you forgot something in your vehicle. Return to your vehicle and request law enforcement.b. Proceed to the basement but make sure the person is in front of you instead of behind you.c. Tell the person that you will need to wait with him on the porch until the ambulance arrives.d. Tell the person you will need him to wait on the porch for the ambulance and ask him to direct you to the basement stairs.316. After assessing a 79-year-old man with chest pain and administering oxygen to him, you give a report to the incoming ambulance crew. The EMT approaches the patient and asks the same questions you just gave him information about. Which of the following is the best approach in this situation?a. Answer the questions again as the EMT asks them of the patientb. Say nothing but report the unprofessional behavior to your supervisorc. ~Recognize that patients may add or change information when asked the same question a second timed. Assume that you left out some important questions and apologize for not getting a better history317. Which of the following best explains the purpose of the NIMS?a. Its use is reserved for incidents in which terrorism is suspectedb. ~It provides an organized, systematic method of managing resources and operations at large scale incidentsc. It provides a federal level response to all large scale incidentsd. It allows for an identical response to every large scale incident318. The defined interaction and organization of multiple groups and agencies who may respond to a large scale incident is part of the ____ component of NIMS.a. ~Command and managementb. Communications and informationc. Supporting technologiesd. Ongoing management and maintenance319. The person who has overall responsibility for the management of an incident is called the:a. Unified commandb. Operations sectorc. ~Incident commanderd. Logistics chief320. Which of the following is part of a typical element of the ICS structure?a. Continuous quality improvementb. ~Logistics sectionc. Medical controld. Air medical transport321. Which of the following best describes the role of the EMR in NIMS and ICS?a. The EMR must be able to perform in any group or section assignedb. The EMR must be able to take IC at any kind of incidentc. The EMR must know the terms used in association with NIMS and ICS, but is not expected to work within the systemd. ~The EMR must understand the structure and how to work within it.322. Which of the following statements is true regarding public safety agencies’ use of NIMS/ICS?a. It is federally mandated that all agencies use NIMS/ICSb. ~Systems that do not use NIMS/ICS are not eligible for federal funding for the response to domestic incidentsc. The only reason to use NIMS/ICS is to obtain federal fundingd. Only supervisory personnel must be trained in NIMS/ICS323. When setting up and ICS, a manageable span of control is ideally no more than ____ elements.a. Threeb. ~Fivec. Sevend. Nine324. Which of the following best explains the concept of unity of command in the ICS?a. ~Each person reports to only one supervisorb. All agencies work togetherc. Each supervisor has no more than three to seven elements of responsibilityd. It promotes the use of common terminology325. A hazardous material can be defined as:a. Any substance that is poisonous to human beingsb. Any substance transported by rail or highway in large quantitiesc. Dangerous chemicalsd. ~Substances that pose an unreasonable risk to health, safety, and property326. A system of placards to identify hazardous substances being moved from one location to another has been developed by the:a. Department of homeland securityb. Department of health and human servicesc. ~Department of transportationd. National fire protection association327. Identification numbers on hazardous material placards in the transportation industry can be referenced to important information in the:a. ~Emergency response guidebookb. Material safety data sheetc. NFPA 704 systemd. Shipping papers328. An NFPA 704 placard would most likely be found on which of the following?a. A tanker truck hauling gasolineb. ~A liquid oxygen storage tank at a hospitalc. A railroad tank car full of ammoniad. A cargo container of bleach on a ship329. The blue area of the NFPA placard contains information about the ____ risk posed by the substance.a. Fireb. Explosionc. Water reactivityd. ~Health330. In which of the following areas of the NFPA 704 placard would you find information on the potential for a substance to react or explode?a. Topb. Bottomc. ~Right sided. Left side331. The highest level of risk posed by a substance is represented in the NFPA placard system by the number:a. 0b. 1c. 3d. ~4332. Material Safety Data Sheets apply to hazardous materials when they:a. Pose minimal risk to healthb. Are transported by airc. Are stored on military basesd. ~Are used in the workplace333. You have responded to a report of a person who got a chemical in his eyes at work. Your first action should be to:a. Irrigate the eyes with copious amounts of waterb. Find the MSDSc. ~Ensure there is no risk of additional exposure to the chemicald. Call the fire department334. The EMR without additional training in the handling of hazardous materials operates in the ___ zone of a hazardous materials incidenta. ~Coldb. Coolc. Warmd. Hot335. The process of removing a hazardous material from a patient’s body is called:a. Neutralizationb. ~Decontaminationc. Detoxificationd. Lavage336.  You are an EMR in a rural county of 450 square miles that has two centrally located transporting ambulances. Which of the following would be an MCI in this setting?a. A head on crash between a van and motorcycle with 7 patientsb.  A carbon monoxide exposure involving three critical and two stable patientsc. A nursing home fire with 15 minor injuriesd. ~All of the above337. The NIMS uses the ____ system of triage.a. ~STARTb. OPQRSTc. SAMPLEd. I-STAT338. JumpSTART is a modified approach to triage used for ___ patients.a. Medicalb. ~Pediatricc. Burnedd. Unresponsive339. You have responded to the scene of a restaurant/night club fire with at least two dozen seriously injured patients. Upon assessing the first adult patient you come to, you discover that he is not breathing and does not have a pulse.  You should immediately:a. Give two breaths, perform CPR for one minute, and recheck the breathing and pulseb. Apply the AEDc. ~Move on to the next patientd. Request a paramedic to your location340. You have responded to a daycare center struck by a tornado. You have at least 30 injured patients, mostly children. Your first patient is about 12 months old. You open the airway and find that he is not breathing. You should immediately:a. Move on to the next patientb. ~Check a pulsec. Start rescue breathingd. Tag the patient as immediate341. In an MCI, which of the following patients would have the lowest priority for treatment and transport?a. A 33-year-old male with an open fracture of the right femur. He is awake and bleeding is controlled. He is anxious and complaining of pain, demanding that he be transported next.b. ~A 23-year-old female is approximately 8 months pregnant. She is not breathing and does not have a pulse.c. A 60-year-old male is unresponsive but is breathing 12 times per minute with a heart rate of 68.d. A 40-year-old female does not appear to have any physical injuries. But she is badly disturbed by the incident and is wandering around and crying hysterically.342. You will be in the back seat of a vehicle, maintaining the patient’s cervical spine alignment and airway during extrication. Which of the following must you be wearing to safely accomplish this task?a. Latex glovesb. N95 respiratorc. ~Helmetd. Reflective safety vest343. Upon arriving at the scene of a motor vehicle collision, you find that an unrestrained patient has his head caught between the floorboard and clutch pedal. You should notify dispatch and the incoming units that the patient is:a. ~Pinnedb. Entrappedc. Extricatedd. Disentangled344. Which of the following would be used to stop a vehicle on its wheels from rolling?a. Cribbingb. ~Stop chockc. Halligan bard. Hurst tool345. You have just arrived at the scene of a motor vehicle collision. There are two vehicles involved. A man is standing next to a vehicle on its wheels, holding a towel to a cut on his forehead. He says he was alone. The second vehicle, a small SUV, is on its side, and you can see movement inside. There is no obvious fire, no leaking fluids, no downed power lines, and no other immediately obvious dangers. Other units are already en route. The next thing you should do is:a. Try to open the rear hatch of the second vehicleb. Notify dispatch that the patient is pinnedc. ~Check the stability of the second vehicled. Break the windshield glass by using a spring loaded punch in a lower corner.346. The best way to remove a windshield during extrication is to use a:a. Spring loaded center punchb. Hurst toolc. ~Reciprocating sawd. Halligan bar347. You have determined that there are no initial dangers at the scene of a motor vehicle collision involving a new BMW. The female driver of the vehicle is still sitting in the driver’s seat. She is awake, but seems to be confused. You attempt to open the driver’s door, but it seems to be locked. Which of the following would be safest, most efficient, and most likely successful?a. ~Ask if the patient can unlock the doorb. Open the back door behind the driverc. Use a spring loaded punch to break the window so you can unlock the doord. Use a pry bar to open the driver’s door348. True or false: Air medical transport is always the best way to transport critically injured patients to the trauma center.a. Trueb. ~False349. Which of the following is the best direction from which to approach a helicopter when assisting with air medical transport?a. From the high side of a slopeb. From the rearc. ~In full view of the pilotd. From the downwind side350. For which of the following patients would air medical resources be best used?a. A 7-year-old terminally ill cancer patient with difficulty breathingb. ~A 50-year-old motorcyclist who crashed without a helmet and seems to have a severe head injuryc. A 15-year-old skateboarder who seems to have an open fracture of his right forearmd. A 25-year-old unresponsive diabetic351. Which of the following can create difficulties for EMRs responding to natural disasters or incidents of terrorism?a. Roads and streets may be impassableb. Scene hazards are harder to predict than on routine callsc. The resources needed, such as hospitals, may not be accessibled. ~All of the above352. The most important considerations in protecting oneself from radiation hazards are:a. ~Time, distance, and shieldingb. Amount, type, and areac. Stability, wind direction, and dosed. Recognition, decontamination, and follow-up care353. You have responded to a report of an explosion at a coffee shop. When considering how to approach the scene, the first concern is:a. How many potential patients there areb. ~The possibility of a second explosionc. The types of injuries patients receive in explosionsd. Getting everyone out of the structure as quickly as possible354. A small tornado has torn the roof off of a grocery store. Several injured patients are in the parking lot and indicate to you that there are two seriously injured patients inside. Your next step should be to:a. ~Communicate the need for additional resources, such as utility company response or the need for heavy rescue equipmentb. Assess the seriously injured patients in the buildingc. Triage the patients who are out of the buildingd. Search the building for potential additional patients355. A small earthquake has damaged several houses in a neighborhood. As you are surveying the scene, an anxious man tells you his neighbor is trapped inside his home and he needs your help getting him out. Which of the following is the best way to handle this situation?a. Notify dispatch that you are entering a residence for search and rescueb. Tell the man you must wait outside but encourage him to attempt a rescuec. ~Try to calm the man and tell him you will need the additional resources that are on their way to safely rescue his neighbord. Use your PA system to try to instruct the trapped man to try to free himself356. You are responding to a report of a woman in labor during a heavy rainstorm. The road to the patient’s home is along a river and badly flooded. You are driving a large 4-wheel drive vehicle. You should:a. Travel the road slowly and carefullyb. Notify dispatch to have the woman meet you at the end of the roadc. Use 4-wheel drive when entering the waterd. ~Notify dispatch the road is inaccessible due to flooding